Update stack-dependencies.md We override the outputs in the Outputs t… (#583)
spacelift-io/user-documentation: docs/concepts/stack/stack-dependencies.md

When a stack has an upstream dependency with a reference, it relies on the existence of the outputs.

!!! note

>     We upload the outputs during the apply phase.  We override the outputs in the Outputs tab if the run failed.

Reviewer: I wouldn't put it like that. I would rather say:

```suggestion
    We only use the outputs of a successful run. If the latest run of a stack has failed, the dependencies won't be able to use its outputs.
```

Author: Cool yeah thanks!  That actually clarifies things for me too.  I've just made the change exactly to the way you wrote it
